hi and welcome to horn trader on YouTube
today it's my distinct pleasure to
introduce to you from the quiver of
Malcolm McNab trumpet virtuoso his
beloved Bach large bore serial number
three five five zero five puts the
manufacturing date in 1966 the bore size
is 462 it's got a first valve trigger
very easy to use it also has a large or
longer Bell ferrule here now I don't
know the story behind this I kind of
think maybe Colicchio might have had
something to do with that because
Malcolm's from Los Angeles cleek EO
assembled their horns like this but I
could be wrong I don't get the story
from Malcolm I think it's a way before
Malone had his tenure in Los Angeles the
bell it's a corporation bell 25 let's
see we can get a good picture of that
Bell there yeah
corporation bell for all you Baca files
out there there's no real dents dings or
trauma to the horn although I do see two
little spots here that can be easily
removed without even showing the scar or
my two fingers are right there and I'll
have that fixed before I send the horn
out and here's the compression that's
the third valve here's the first slide
with the trigger the the screw must have
come out of the another another one for
the horn trader bloopers yeah I tell you
what let's just play the hunt for the
trigger later
all right let's check the scale
that feels pretty good that's a very
kind of velvety sound about it
nothing real crispy probably a very good
orchestral horn or a soloist
you can find this great horn in the
Malcolm McNab collection and also the
vintage trumpet a collection of horn
trader.com it's just a screw that fell
out nothing to worry about easily
replaceable if I can't find it on my
floor don't you worry bout a thing
thanks a lot for coming in we'll talk to
you soon bye bye
found it
whoa shake it shake it shake it shake ur
down the screw